Docs: Add linking topics (#24408)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/linking/data-links.md

+++
title = "Data links"
keywords = ["grafana", "data links", "documentation", "playlist"]
type = "docs"
+++

# Data links

Data links allow you to provide more granular context to your links. You can create links that include the series name or even the value under the cursor. For example, if your visualization showed four servers, you could add a data link to one or two of them.

> Click directly on the panel to see the data link. It appears on the context menu under **Add annotation**.

Reviewer: `It appears on the context menu under **Add annotation**.`

This is only true for Graph panel. You cannot add annotations o Stat, Gauge, Bar Gauge and Table which also support data links.

Author: Then how do you access data links in the other panels?

The link itself is accessible in different ways depending on the visualization. For the graph you need to click on a data point or line, for a panel like
Stat, Gauge, or Bar Gauge you can click anywhere on the visualization to open the context menu.

> >**Note:** For stat, gauge, bar gauge, and table visualizations, you add and edit data links on the Field tab. For the graph visualization, you add and edit data links on the Panel tab.

Reviewer: 👍

## Add a data link

1. Hover your cursor over the panel that you want to add a link to and then press `e`. Or click the dropdown arrow next to the panel title and then click **Edit**.
1. On the Field tab, scroll down to the Data links section. (Panel tab for graph visualizations.)
1. Expand Data links and then click **Add link**.
1. Enter a **Title**. **Title** is a human-readable label for the link that will be displayed in the UI.
1. Enter the **URL** you want to link to.

>    You can even add one of the template variables defined in the dashboard. Press Ctrl+Space or Cmd+Space and click in the **URL** field to see the available variables. By adding template variables to your panel link, the link sends the user to the right context, with the relevant variables already set. For more information, refer to [URL variables](../variables/url-variables.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Data links support multiple different variables, including template variables defined in your dashboard. Press Ctrl+Space or Cmd+Space and click in the **URL** field to see the available variables. By adding variables to your data link, the link sends the user to the right context, with the relevant variables already set. For more information, refer to [URL variables](../variables/url-variables.md)
```
